a lifetime has passed since the horrific
events of Taco Tuesday our lives
suspended into chaos this new life has
toughened and hardened but
two copies please one black one with
just a touch of cream in 25 sugars Wow
tough and most of us I wake up in the
morning morning good morning sewer
babies Amit you've gotta stop pretending
everything is awesome
it isn't yeah I get it and that's why
I've cultivated a totally hard-edged
side that's super tough
what is it up to that beat is pretty
fresh
[Music]
it's like it knows our every move weird
right what this guy is special this guy
was a fierce warrior
okay well technically I did the warrior
stuff so you fought and masterbuilt and
hit but and then the hapless male was
the leader he uh well
hang on to your fronds planning we're
going to save Lucy and all of the other
people who were captured
[Music]
behold the star system do not give her
the satisfaction of wooing this
[Music]